whoa - the bloody city it is all full of
lives and robbery its victim never
departs the noise of a whip and the
noise of rattling wheels of galloping
horses of clattering chariots horsemen
charge with bright sword and glittering
spear there is a multitude of slain a
great number of bodies countless corpses
they stumble over the corpses because of
the multitude of harlotries of the
seductive harlot the mistress sorceries
who sells nations through her harlotries
and Families through her sorceries
behold i am against you says the lord of
hosts i will lift your skirts over your
face I will show the nation's your
nakedness and the kingdoms your shame
I will cast a Bominable filth upon you
make you vile and make you a spectacle
it shall come to pass that all who look
upon you will flee from you and say
Nineveh is laid waste who will bemoan
her where shall I seek comforters for
you
are you better than no aimin that was
situated by the river that had the
waters around her whose rampart was the
sea whose wall was the sea Ethiopia and
Egypt where her strength and it was
boundless huh and you been with your
helpers yet she was carried away she
went into captivity her young children
also were dashed pieces at the head of
every street they cast lots for her
honorable men and all her great men were
bound in chains you also will be you
will be hidden
you also will seek refuge from the enemy
all your strongholds are fig trees with
ripened figs if they are shaken they
fall into the mouths of the eater surely
your people in your midst are women the
gates of your land are wide open for
your enemy's fire shall devour the bars
of your gates draw your water for the
siege fortify your strongholds go into
the clay and tread the mortar make
strong the brick kiln there the fire
will devour you the sword will cut you
off it will eat you up like a locust
make yourself many like the locust make
yourself many like the swarming locusts
you have multiplied your merchants more
than the stars of heaven the locust
plunders and flies away your commanders
are like swarming locusts and your
generals like great grasshoppers which
camp in the hedges on a cold day when
the Sun rises they flee away and a place
where they are is not known your
Shepherds slumber o king of Assyria your
nobles rest in the dust your people are
scattered on the mountains and no one
gathers them your injury has no healing
your wound is severe all who hear news
of you will clap their hands over you
for upon whom has not your wickedness
passed continually
[Music]